Add section Considerations when using a proxy server (#7307)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/transaction-service.adoc

The use of a shared file system for this purpose, such as an RWX persistent volume in a Kubernetes cluster, is explicitly not supported where the file system crosses data centers. This limitation is due to the difficulty of implementing POSIX locking semantics in such a configuration. Under these circumstances, the transaction service must be configured to use a relational database for its transaction logs. For more information, see the <<#log,Transaction log management>> section.

=== Considerations when using a proxy server

> The older alternative to peer recovery in a cloud environment is to route WS-AtomicTransaction traffic through a proxy server using `externalURLPrefix`. This may be done by setting `externalURLPrefix` to the pod IP address; for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The older alternative to peer recovery in a cloud environment is to route WS-AtomicTransaction traffic through a proxy server by specifying the `externalURLPrefix` attribute in the `server.xml` file. Set the attribute` to the pod IP address, as shown in the following in the example:
```

[source,xml]
----
<wsAtomicTransaction
  ...
  externalURLPrefix="https://${env.POD_IP}:9443"
/>
----

> It has been observed in some Kubernetes environments that this may cause intermittent socket timeout exceptions when non-WS-AtomicTransaction traffic communicates through a Kubernetes service to the same destination pod on the same port. To avoid this, consider adding an additional config:httpEndpoint[display=HTTP Endpoint] with a different port solely for `externalURLPrefix` traffic, add an additional `hostAlias` for this port in the config:virtualHost[display=Virtual Host], and configure `externalURLPrefix` to use this new port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some Kubernetes environments, this setting might cause intermittent socket timeout exceptions when non-WS-AtomicTransaction traffic communicates through a Kubernetes service to the same destination pod on the same port. To avoid these timeouts, add another config:httpEndpoint[display=HTTP Endpoint] with a different port that is solely for `externalURLPrefix` traffic. Then, add another `hostAlias` attribute for this port in the config:virtualHost[display=Virtual Host] configuration and set the `externalURLPrefix` attribute to this new port.
```
